this is fabulous wine is a shame it's
the last bottle is it truly the last
bottle you've men salutely the last
bottle and we kept it for you Florida
that's one when will be some more
hopefully in September October if we get
any Sun but today is the first of July
we have a firearm so it's not looking
too good
never mind never mind anyway let's get
down to pigeons because pigeons people
think of humble common peasanty how do
you persuade them in your fabulous
diamond to eat such a thing as they
might think it's a bit you know not so
good give it a lovely sauce fabulous
sauce and give it a nice a compliment
also once they give them a wide choice
in the menu so they don't have to eat
pigeon if they don't want to you know
but quite a few people do have it how do
you cook at them go could we start off
with this is the leg yeah we just
chopped it up well actually is the leg
of two pigeons here but we chopped them
up very small yeah and we starting it
off with a bit of shallot and some
garlic here maybe a little bit of thyme
and cover that with water about a pint
of water and find out and let it simmer
gently for maybe an hour an hour and a
half then strain that off and then you
have to base that so then to prepare the
pigeon itself what do you do you just
put butter others not bacon and things
that you're in Ireland it's all butter
and cream over here right so we put
butter on now how long does that stay in
the oven for then and how long would you
think you should stay in the oven I'd
say probably 20 minutes
No 1012 it's gonna come out pink people
are gonna send it back you've got to eat
as rare if you don't use of rare you
might as well eat this here take it neat
it's the same thing okay well you take
it and cook it and pop it in the oven
when you easiest I certainly you know I
just tell you about this one it's a
Riesling sort of wine it's the only
vineyard in Ireland it's called Chateau
Long Hill it's absolutely brilliant and
it's as rare as anything very worth
drinking john has is making a brilliant
saucer of toys he's got the stock from
the pigeon which I showed you earlier on
and it has been reduced a little bit
because it was too thin and he had
reduced red wine he fried some shalash
we fried some little bit of garlic and
we're using because we have time in the
gardening in some butter in rich yes
okay I'm sorry
is that all from the garden honestly yes
everything we didn't go into town and
buy it and bring it to the window just
for you to shave okay get on with it
then
John can we have the sauce please I
think madam here is nearly ready very
much
Karen when you're looking at me okay
pour the sauce on the slate please John
snapped hope we've got a television crew
waiting here and Richard you look at
that very nicely you see that lovely
rich red sauce poured over the wonderful
white plate with the division breasts on
and Richard up to me for a second
everything's I've done nothing on this
program actually I've cooked the cabbage
it's beautiful cabbage from my three
acre garden here wall garden by the way
simmered gently in butter with little
raisins in absolute superb and of course
it makes a dish now look at that a
really super meal
pigeon elevations of heights of
gastronomy you've never seen before and
back up to us again please because what
makers of speech about vegetable do you
think they really they really taste so
much better than the guy who is that
just sort of months no it's not nonsense
they have to be better day that cabbage
was growing half an hour ago and it sits
beautifully fresh and it he tastes
completely different to something that's
sitting in a shop for the last week here